chore(docs): include a timestamp configuration option for the Kafka C… (#1214)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/third-party-tools/kafka/questdb-kafka.md

| value.prefix                      | `string`  | from_value                                                  | N/A                | Prefix for value fields                                    |
| <sub>skip.unsupported.types</sub> | `boolean` | false                                                       | false              | Skip unsupported types                                     |
| <sub>timestamp.field.name</sub>   | `string`  | pickup_time                                                 | N/A                | Designated timestamp field name                            |

> | timestamp.units                   | `string`  | micros                                                      | auto               | Designated timestamp field units                           |

Reviewer: Should it be `auto` or auto? Cf L236.

Author: I gues auto? as it is. the other values in the same column are not back-ticked.

If the message contains a timestamp field, the connector can use it as a
timestamp for the row. The field name must be configured using the
`timestamp.field.name` option. The field must either be an integer or a

> timestamp. When the field is set to an integer the connector will autodetect its units. 
> This works for timestamps after 4/26/1970, 5:46:40 PM. The units can be also configured
> explicitly using the `timestamp.units` configuration option. Supported values are `nanos`,
> `micros`, `millis` and `auto`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timestamp. When the field is set to an integer, the connector will autodetect its units. 
This works for timestamps after 04/26/1970, 5:46:40 PM. The units can also be configured
explicitly using the `timestamp.units` configuration, which supports the following values:
- `nanos`
- `micros`
- `millis`
-  `auto` (default)
```
